Note retransmission logic difference in security considerations (#38)
quicwg/datagram: draft-ietf-quic-datagram.md

Application protocols that allow DATAGRAM frames to be sent in 0-RTT require a
profile that defines acceptable use of 0-RTT; see {{Section 5.6 of RFC9001}}.

The use of DATAGRAM frames might be detectable by an adversary on path that is
capable of dropping packets. Since DATAGRAM frames do not use transport-level

> retransmission, connections that use DATAGRAM frames will generally have different
> loss recovery patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retransmission, connections that use DATAGRAM frames might be distinguished from
other frames using the different response to loss.
```
